As a lean project coordinator, he was responsible for helping in reducing bottlenecks and inefficiencies in different departments.
During my initial stages at work with al Bahar, I was exploring the different departments to have a whole understanding of the different teams in the company and to get to know the staff.
My first project was to act as a project manager for tracking all tasks and operations (both financially and chronologically) related to the electronic retail store called Cloud9. Wissam was tracking all operations that include the construction side by keeping up with the architects involved internally and the contractors externally. Additionally, he kept track of all IT related hardware and software activities such as sourcing the necessary hardware and keeping track of all software development phases (Magento). To summarize, Wissam was in contact with all stakeholders involved to keep the project plan on schedule and within budget. 
His second project arose when a dispute arose internally between the delivery and sales department.  Wissam implemented a Six Sigma approach to assess and map the current process in order to dig through the root cause of the issue. He resolved the situation by refining the process of customer order fulfillment by streamlining the latter to improve process flow as it was intertwined.  
For his third project, he was assigned as the middle man between the management and Magestore (Magento solution provider). His tasks evolved around making sure all management decisions were well reflected on the website by the Magestore team. Additionally, he was responsible for debugging the e-commerce website and making sure it was a seamless experience. Finally, he trained the new staff hired how to use the backend of Magento.
For his fourth project, Wissam was assigned to set up a CRM for the sales team due to an incident that happened which caused a huge loss of leads ( we are talking 3 digits). The suggested CRM was bitrix (relatively because it was not too expensive). Wissam started going through their online documentation to learn more about the different modules and capabilities. 3 to 4 weeks down the line, Wissam has completely set up the CRM and different automation pipelines for each sale type. He additionally provided the documentation needed to train the sales team and held workshops for training  43 employees.
The last project was initiated by Wissam when he found out how does the delivery schedule deliveries. In fact, they use a pen and paper to assign the drivers without any planning held by the computer. Given that Kuwait is a small country, it is doable to a certain extent. However, not optimized. Hence, Wissam suggested to the head of Supply Chain (Toufic Kortbawi) to start scheduling the deliveries using a specific operation research algorithm called Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP). The pilot project was a success while using Google OR tools and by feeding it a static Excel sheet. Nevertheless, the ERP system was too old to handle dynamic requests in order to have real-time scheduling. By the time that the company would have implemented the Dynamics ERP, Wissam already embarked on a journey to pursue a Master’s degree at KULeuven.
