During his Bachelor’s at LAU, Wissam essentially learned how to improve efficiency, productivity, and quality in various industries, ranging from manufacturing to healthcare. Some of the key areas we cover include operations research, supply chain management, quality control, and process optimization with hands on projects implemented at companies such as Pepsi Co & local manufacturing companies experienced in wooden goods such as HAWAT Trading Co and consumer goods such as LEEN wipes. These projects focused also on Six Sigma techniques to improve various KPI. 
Specific to his final year project, Wissam developed abilities in statistical tools and in simulation for modeling complex systems. In his final year project, he developed both a Linear Programming Model and a Simulation model on ARENA to study the bed allocation strategy used at LAUMC Rizk Hospital and work on improving different KPIs. The grade obtained was a perfect A.
LAUMC Rizk stands for Lebanese American University Medical Center-Rizk Hospital. as first established by Dr. Toufic Ibrahim Rizk (1892-1983) in 1925 as a private family-owned clinic. His dream however, was to contribute to the medical development of Lebanon by founding a modern private medical center equipped with state-of-the-art medical facilities and employing innovative surgical techniques. In 1953, his ambitions gained momentum when he selected CIET, a French-Swiss company specialized in hospital construction to prepare the first building blueprints. His vision was finally brought to life in 1954, when the first stone of his new hospital was laid. Rizk Hospital opened its doors to the general public on February 11, 1957, through the inauguration of its 1st building (Building A). It was constructed according to European standards becoming one of the first modern hospitals in Beirut and all of Lebanon. On June 30, 2009, The Rizk Family sold the hospital to Medical Care Holding, in which the Lebanese American University (LAU) possesses controlling interests. The hospital was renamed University Medical Center – Rizk Hospital and it now serves as the primary teaching hospital for LAU's schools of Medicine, Nursing, and Pharmacy. Hawat is an international company that specializes in all kinds of wooden goods such as panels, sawn lumbers, veneers, doors, decks, and much more at very competitive prices. All of our products feature an excellent marketing record on both a foreign and local level. As a result of our continuous efforts, we now cover many regional markets including UAE, Bahrain, Qatar, Iraq, and Nigeria.

